index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title-claim: 'HEY RESISTANCE: GET YOUR DRINK READY FOR THE OOO-PARTY'
intro:
  title: A beer label to get him OOO?
  text: >
    Exactly – getting a drink ready to celebrate his final day in office is powerful for two reasons.
  reasons:
    - reason: Seeing the bottle will be your daily boost of motivation to keep fighting.
    - reason: You contribute $3 to organizations which are fighting for our democracy and freedom.
  numbers:
    - number: '9,874'
      title: people got their ooo-drink prepared
      text: >
        What do you think will happen when the Trump is OOO news breaks? Exactly! Millions will celebrate, and 9,874 of them will have a drink together.
    - number: '29,622'
      title: Have been raised to get the party started asap
      text: >
        We all want the party happen as soon as possible and therefore  we support organizations who fight all Trump stands for.
        Every OOO-LABEL will contribute 3$ to those organizations – scroll down to get your label.
3way:
  title: 3 ways to get the party started
  intro: >
    Ornare pharetra vitae primis sed malesuada vulputate, amet velit varius integer efficitur dignissim, penatibus bibendum etiam tristique laoreet.
  ways:
    - title: engage
      number: "1"
      content: >
        To get him out of office as soon as possible we all need to stand up. There are plenty of ways to be politically active. We have some suggestions for you.
      button:
        text: click here to find out how
        url: /get_involved/
    - title: donate
      number: '2'
      content: >
        Plenty of organizations are out there fighting for our freedom! Support them – we provide you with an overview of organizations you can give money to or support in a more active way (see #1). By getting an OOO-drink you will donate 5$ to such organizations.
      button:
        text: click here to find out how
        url: /donate/
    - title: host a ooo-party
      number: '3'
      content: >
        We are fighting together, we will win together, we should celebrate together.
        Check out where people in your town meet to celebrate the big day and meet for
        regular pre-games (e.g. when Ivanka goes to prison).
      button:
        text: Contact us
        url: /
      pending: true
---

Commit message:

added dummy shop and quote section; buy button on all navs

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title-claim: 'HEY RESISTANCE: GET YOUR DRINK READY FOR THE OOO-PARTY'
intro:
  title: A beer label to get him OOO?
  text: >
    Exactly – getting a drink ready to celebrate his final day in office is powerful for two reasons.
  reasons:
    - reason: Seeing the bottle will be your daily boost of motivation to keep fighting.
    - reason: You contribute $3 to organizations which are fighting for our democracy and freedom.
  numbers:
    - number: '9,874'
      title: people got their ooo-drink prepared
      text: >
        What do you think will happen when the Trump is OOO news breaks? Exactly! Millions will celebrate, and 9,874 of them will have a drink together.
    - number: '29,622'
      title: Have been raised to get the party started asap
      text: >
        We all want the party happen as soon as possible and therefore  we support organizations who fight all Trump stands for.
        Every OOO-LABEL will contribute 3$ to those organizations – scroll down to get your label.
3way:
  title: 3 ways to get the party started
  intro: >
    Ornare pharetra vitae primis sed malesuada vulputate, amet velit varius integer efficitur dignissim, penatibus bibendum etiam tristique laoreet.
  ways:
    - title: engage
      number: "1"
      content: >
        To get him out of office as soon as possible we all need to stand up. There are plenty of ways to be politically active. We have some suggestions for you.
      button:
        text: click here to find out how
        url: /get_involved/
    - title: donate
      number: '2'
      content: >
        Plenty of organizations are out there fighting for our freedom! Support them – we provide you with an overview of organizations you can give money to or support in a more active way (see #1). By getting an OOO-drink you will donate 5$ to such organizations.
      button:
        text: click here to find out how
        url: /donate/
    - title: host a ooo-party
      number: '3'
      content: >
        We are fighting together, we will win together, we should celebrate together.
        Check out where people in your town meet to celebrate the big day and meet for
        regular pre-games (e.g. when Ivanka goes to prison).
      button:
        text: Contact us
        url: /
      pending: true
shop_intro: >
  This is where the magic happens. Where our products are sold and where you can make a difference. All of our products will contribute to an organisation of you choice — if you decide to buy.
  <br>
  Let‘s start makin' some changes.
---
